[docs] Update documentation that is out of date (#682)
DataDog/datadogpy: doc/source/index.rst

Initialization
==============

:mod:`datadog` must be initialized with :meth:`datadog.initialize`. An

> API key and an app key are required unless you only intend to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API key and an app key are required unless you intend to use only the
```

> :class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd` client. These can be passed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd` client. The keys can be passed
```

datadog.threadstats
===================
:mod:`datadog.threadstats` is a tool for collecting application metrics without hindering
performance. It collects metrics in the application thread with very little overhead

> and allows flushing metrics in process, in a thread or in a greenlet, depending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and allows flushing metrics in process, in a thread, or in a greenlet, depending
```

> on your application's needs. Submission is done via the HTTP API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on your application's needs. Submission is done through the HTTP API.
```

datadog.dogstatsd
=================
:mod:`datadog.dogstatsd` is a Python client for DogStatsd that automatically
buffers submitted metrics and submits them to the server asynchronously or at
maximum sizes for a packet that would prevent fragmentation.

.. note::

    To ensure that all the metrics are sent to the server, either use the
    context-managed instance of :class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd`

>     or when you are finished with the client perform a manual :code:`flush()`
>     otherwise the buffered data may get de-allocated before being sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or when you are finished with the client perform a manual :code:`flush()`.
    Otherwise the buffered data may get de-allocated before being sent.
```

.. warning::

    :class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd` instances are not :code:`fork()`-safe

>     due to the fact that the automatic buffer flushing occurs in a thread only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    because the automatic buffer flushing occurs in a thread only
```

    on the process that created the :class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd`
    instance. Because of this, instances of those clients must not be copied
    from a parent process to a child process. Instead, the parent process and
    each child process must create their own instances of the client or the

>     buffering must be globally disabled via :code:`disable_buffering`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    buffering must be globally disabled by using the :code:`disable_buffering`
```

    >>> initialize(statsd_host="localhost", statsd_port=8125)
    >>> statsd.increment("home.page.hits")

.. warning::

    Global :class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd` is not :code:`fork()`-safe

>     due to the fact that the automatic buffer flushing occurs in a thread only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    because the automatic buffer flushing occurs in a thread only
```

    on the process that created the :class:`~datadog.dogstatsd.base.DogStatsd`
    instance. Because of this, the parent process and each child process must
    create their own instances of the client or the buffering must be globally

>     disabled via :code:`disable_buffering` initialization flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    disabled by using the :code:`disable_buffering` initialization flag.
```
